You have very smooth hair.
You deserve a promotion.
Good effort!
What a fine sweater!
I appreciate all of your opinions.
I like your style.
Your T-shirt smells fresh.
I love what you've done with the place.
You are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious.
I am utterly disarmed by your wit.
I really enjoy the way you pronounce the word 'ruby'.
You complete me.
Well done!
I like your Facebook status.
That looks nice on you.
I like those shoes more than mine.
Nice motor control!
You have a good taste in websites.
Your mouse told me that you have very soft hands.
You are full of youth.
I like your jacket.
I like the way you move.
You have a good web-surfing stance.
You should be a poster child for poster children.
Nice manners!
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease.
I wish I was your mirror.
I find you to be a fountain of inspiration.
You have perfect bone structure.
I disagree with anyone who disagrees with you.
Way to go!
Have you been working out?
With your creative wit, I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than me.
I like your socks.
You are so charming.
Your cooking reminds me of my mother's.
You're tremendous!
You deserve a compliment!
Hello, good looking.
Your smile is breath taking.
How do you get your hair to look that great?
You are quite strapping.
I am grateful to be blessed by your presence.
Say, aren't you that famous model from TV?
Take a break; you've earned it.
Your life is so interesting!
The sound of your voice sends tingles of joy down my back.
I enjoy spending time with you.
I would share my dessert with you.
You can have the last bite.
May I have this dance?
I would love to visit you, but I live on the Internet.
I love the way you click.
You're invited to my birthday party.
All of your ideas are brilliant!
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus.  I was just stunned by your beauty.
You're spontaneous, and I love it!
You should try out for everything.
You make my data circuits skip a beat.
You are the gravy to my mashed potatoes.
You get an A+!
I'm jealous of the other websites you visit, because I enjoy seeing you so much!
I would enjoy a roadtrip with you.
If I had to choose between you or Mr. Rogers, it would be you.
I like you more than the smell of Grandma's home-made apple pies.
You would look good in glasses OR contacts.
Let's do this again sometime.
You could go longer without a shower than most people.
I feel the need to impress you.
I would trust you to pick out a pet fish for me.
I'm glad we met.
Do that again!
Will you sign my yearbook?
You're so smart!
We should start a band.
You're cooler than ice-skating Fonzi.
I made this website for you.
I heard you make really good French Toast.
You're cooler than Pirates and Ninjas combined.
I like your pants.
You're pretty groovy, dude.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
You can play any prank, and get away with it.
You have ten of the best fingers I have ever seen!
I can tell that we are gonna be friends.
I just want to gobble you up!
You're sweeter than than a bucket of bon-bons!
Treat yourself to another compliment!
You're pretty high on my list of people with whom I would want to be stranded on an island.
You're #1 in my book!
Well played.
You are well groomed.
You could probably lead a rebellion.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
<3
You are more fun than a Japanese steakhouse.
Your voice is more soothing than Morgan Freeman's.
I like your sleeves. They're real big.
I bet even your farts smell good.
